feat(native): add data collected page (#13483)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/native/common/data-management/data-collected.mdx

---
title: Data Collected
description: "See what data is collected by the Sentry SDK."
sidebar_order: 1
---

Sentry takes data privacy very seriously and has default settings in place that prioritize data safety, especially when it comes to personally identifiable information (PII) data. When you add the Sentry SDK to your application, you allow it to collect data and send it to Sentry during the runtime of your application.

The category types and amount of data collected vary, depending on the integrations you've enabled in the Sentry SDK. Here's a list of data categories the Sentry Native SDK collects:

## Device Information

The Sentry SDK collects information about the device, such as the name, version and build of your operating system or Linux distribution. This information is sent to Sentry by default.

## Thread Stack Information

> At the time of a crash, the stack of each thread is collected and sent to Sentry. This information is sent to Sentry by default, but dropped after parsing the event in the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of a crash, the stack of each thread is collected and sent to Sentry as part of the Minidump snapshot for backends `crashpad` and `breakpad`. This information is sent to Sentry by default, but dropped after processing the event in the backend.
```

> These files are not stored by default, but you can [enable Minidump Storage](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/native/guides/minidumps/enriching-events/attachments/#store-minidumps-as-attachments) in the Sentry organization or project settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are not stored by default, but you can [enable Minidump Storage](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/native/guides/minidumps/enriching-events/attachments/#store-minidumps-as-attachments) in the Sentry organization or project settings.

The `inproc` backend stack walks solely in the client and thus only sends the resulting stack traces.
```
